Add Episode 6 Lesson Text (#51)
czi-catalystproject/hub-champion-training: episodes/troubleshooting.md

::::

The workshop instructor will now take some time to address a few of the common points that emerged from the discussion in the above exercise. During this time, note down how the instructor is troubleshooting and providing support to resolve an issue. Pay attention to

- whether the issue was already covered in the Hub Champion Training
- any further resources that were referenced
- the level of detail in the response
- their use of language and communication skills.

:::{tip}
:class: dropdown

> Nobody is perfect – there is no perfect way for troubleshooting and providing user support! Prior skills and support requirements can vary significantly and part of your role as Hub Champion is to facilitate knowledge transfer within the community, as well as representing and escalating support requests to 2i2c for more technical issues.

Author: ```suggestion
Nobody is perfect – there is no perfect way for troubleshooting and providing user support! Prior skills and support requirements can vary significantly and part of your role as Hub Champion is helping users to help each other, as well as representing and escalating support requests to 2i2c for more technical issues.
```

Specific
: Clearly describe what needs to be done

Measurable
: It should be possible to determine whether the specified goal has been achieved

Attainable
: What are you realistically capable of?

Relevant
: Make sure that what you commit to is within the scope of your role

Time-bound
: Set a timeframe for your goal to be reached 

<!-- TODO: is there an equivalent approach in Spanish? -->

::::{dropdown} Exercise: Plan your support process
:open:

Build a plan for how you will support the use of your hub amongst your community. Begin by trying to answer the following questions:

- How will you communicate with your users?
- Where will your users report issues?
- What needs do you anticipate from your users? How can you set them up for success?
- How will you track whether an issue gets resolved in a a timely manner?
- What resources are available to help you when you need help?
- When should you ask for technical assistance from 2i2c?
- How much time can you commit to support activities?

> - Will you define a Code of Conduct for your community?

Author: Thank you for sharing this perspective.

- documentation
- training

Is there anything else you need to support hub users?

::::

## Wrap-up

Thank you for following the Hub Champion Training! 🏅

We hope you found it useful for building your skills and confidence as a Hub Champion to empower your community to make best use out of the hub service.

We're always looking to improve our lesson and welcome your feedback.

:::{card} 
KEY POINTS
^^^
After following this episode, Hub Champions will be able to...

> - Choose the best place to look or ask for help with hub management
> - Formulate a plan to support their community

Author: Ooh okay I am consulting the excellent Collaborative Lesson Development Training materials:

> a [completed episode also requires](https://carpentries.github.io/sandpaper-docs/episodes.html?#required-elements) fenced divs for the questions the episode answers and the keypoints a lesson covers.

I suggest:

```suggestion
- Part of your role as Hub Champion is to adapt and respond to the specific needs of your community
- Consult [further resources](ref:resources) may help you troubleshoot some common issues
- If you are stuck and require technical help on behalf of your users, then you can contact 2i2c through their support desk
- Make a plan for your support process to set yourself up for success as a Hub Champion
- Formulate a plan to support their community
```

Reviewer: This looks great, thanks

> - Formulate a plan to support their community

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/czi-catalystproject/hub-champion-training/pull/51/commits/79748928a7bc01ee7b845d447c09f48a59f8fb0a

- documentation
- training

Is there anything else you need to support hub users?

::::

## Wrap-up

Thank you for following the Hub Champion Training! 🏅

We hope you found it useful for building your skills and confidence as a Hub Champion to empower your community to make the best use of the hub service.

We're always looking to improve our lesson and welcome your feedback.

:::{card} 
KEY POINTS
^^^

- Part of your role as Hub Champion is to adapt and respond to the specific needs of your community
- Consult [further resources](ref:resources) may help you troubleshoot some common issues
- If you are stuck and require technical help on behalf of your users, then you can contact 2i2c through their support desk
- Make a plan for your support process to set yourself up for success as a Hub Champion

> - Formulate a plan to support their community

Author: ```suggestion
```

Removing this point as it's covered in the previous one.

- documentation
- training

Is there anything else you need to support hub users?

::::

## Wrap-up

Thank you for following the Hub Champion Training! 🏅

We hope you found it useful for building your skills and confidence as a Hub Champion to empower your community to make the best use of the hub service.

We're always looking to improve our lesson and welcome your feedback.

:::{card} 
KEY POINTS
^^^

> After following this episode, Hub Champions will be able to...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
